Wizard  V0.8.1
==============

  This is the next version of my wizard component. With this component you can
easily create a wizard, much like the wizards used in a very popular O$.

  If you are not  Java developer, then you shouldn't be so interested with
this project. You can not use it 'as is'. You have to write first a little
application (or applet) if you want to use it. It serves only 'library'
purposes.

  You are free to use it in your programs anyway you like, as long as you
write my name to the credits part. Furthermore, you should read the licence
agreement (file LICENCE), which is under the GNU GPL.


Features
--------

  This component serves as an interface between you and a wizard-like frame.
It means that you can create a wizard with the least effort from you, which
will be functional and as close as possible to the wizard used in your native
(or even better in an alien) operating system.
  The component itself takes care of creating the interface, applying the
buttons, move between the pages, displaying a picture and informing your
application about the current state of the wizard. Some of these features are:
 - automatically creates a frame with all the neccesary information and
   components, like the buttons to navigate through the pages, the layout
   manager, the position of all the components etc. The programmer needs only
   to inform the wizard of the inserted components and everything else is done
   automatically.
 - handles the events of the various buttons, so that the programmer doesn't
   need to manually change pages in the wizard.
 - displays a picture on the left of the wizard window. The only think the
   programmer has to do is give the filename of the picture to be loaded.
 - the programmer can easily define the number of pages of a wizard and if
   the user can exit normally from this page.
 - it supports both applets and applications.
 - it includes a new component: the browseButton. This is a button attached to a
   textfield. If you click on the button a file dilog appears. The filename chosen
   appears in the textfield.


Documentation
-------------

  You can find some info in the docs directory


Installation
------------

  Information for the installation is in the file 'INSTALL'


Thank you for downloading this file     :-)
